Hi, my name is Andy Tucher and I'm a Package Developer Educator on the Tidyverse team at
Posit.
I'll be teaching a workshop at the upcoming Posit Conf in Chicago called Fundamentals
of Package Development and I wanted to give you the top three reasons why I think you
might want to join us at the workshop.
The first is just getting started.
You might have an idea for a package already but don't really know where to start or you
might have done some package development before but feel like you could use some help
being a bit more efficient about it.
The workshop will be an interactive and hopefully fun run through of the package development
process.
We'll be live coding together and building an R package from scratch and along the way
learning the basic moving parts of an R package.
The second reason is to learn good and easy practices.
You'll learn the tools and techniques that the Tidyverse team have developed and use
in their day to day work.
These practices really smooth off the rough edges of the package development process and
help prevent you from many of the common pitfalls you might encounter.
They are designed to help you fall into a pit of success instead.
Using these tools helps you build a workflow that gets the esoteric details of package
structure out of the way and helps you focus on the content.
And third, just to help you get better at R. You might simply be looking for that next
step in your R programming journey and want to build some new skills.
If you feel like you've plateaued in developing your R skills, learning package development
can be a great next step in moving along in the continuum from data analysis to building
tools for yourself and other people and also to start to learn how and when to apply software
engineering principles to your work.
So if any of these points or all of these points resonate with you, I hope that you'll
join us at our workshop at conf and I hope to see you there.
Thanks.